---
title: "Letter from Aunt Ellen FitzSimons to her mother (continuation, undated)"
pageNumber: 44
image: 044.jpg
people:
  - Aunt Ellen FitzSimons
  - Sarabel
  - Mr. Stiles
  - Sally
  - Mr. Wadley
places:
  - New Orleans, LA
content_types:
  - letter
transcribed: true
notes: "Continuation of a handwritten letter from Aunt Ellen FitzSimons to her mother, begun on the previous page (dated March 4th). Two facing leaves of the same letter pasted side by side, describing visits to a cemetery to see a Confederate monument, a green house full of plants, shopping in town, and a journey to New Orleans where they were met by a young Wadley."
---

Two facing pages of a handwritten letter, pasted side by side, continuing from the previous scan. Written in cursive in ink.

> parlor till he came for us. We then took the street car that go through ?each two it would to the end of the line & back. took another line of street cars that took us a mile & half out of the city to a cemetery where we were told we would see a Confederate monument, a the Brady vault. We did see them, but we also saw what we enjoyed much more, the flowers & ferns in some green houses, hyacinths, tulips, & roses in blooms. & that beautiful asparagus fern growing up on canes from the pots on the floor to the roof of the green house. from one bush to the other. The shelves of this green house were full of the loveliest maiden hair fern. When we

> got back, Mr. Stiles went off to see some friends. Sarabel & I did a little shopping just to as to go into the stores. I bought a face veil & she bought a pr. of gloves. Then we went back to the hotel had a nice dinner, & then to the depot to take our train. Mr. Stiles met us on the train still in good ?spirits We had a very [uncertain] the night on the sleeper & arrived half after eight at New Orleans where Sally & her cousin a young Wadley met us took us to the boarde house where we had breakfast. after breakfast we helped Sally for a while She was very busy packing up & having up the house [uncertain] sent[?] then we Sarabel & went out shopping, & went

*[Letter continues on next page.]*
