---
title: "Cross-written handwritten letter from Charleston"
pageNumber: 95
image: 095.jpg
places:
  - Charleston, SC
content_types:
  - letter
transcribed: true
notes: "A heavily cross-written handwritten letter sheet headed 'Charleston' with a partial date at the top. Two layers of writing at right angles to each other obscure most of the text. The hand is small and crowded; the vast majority of the body is illegible due to the overlapping cross-writing. Names and place references that can be glimpsed include Saunders, Naughty, Steven, Mary, Lynch, Greenville, Barber, Wheeler, Brazian, Henry, Sirona, Friday, Thursday, Davis, Yankees, Pat Sumter."
---

A handwritten letter sheet, heavily cross-written: a second layer of writing runs perpendicular to the first, making most of the body illegible. Heading at top right:

> **Charleston** [illegible date]

The body is nearly entirely illegible. Selected legible fragments include:

> [illegible] this [illegible] [illegible] he [illegible] Saunders. He denied [it] with us [illegible] day [illegible] afterwards [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] letter he was loved up [illegible] [the] [illegible] I said get you the [illegible] [illegible] elapsed [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] Naughty will go to [illegible] this [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] back to [illegible]. [I have?] not a great [illegible] [illegible] to [illegible] the [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] perhaps [illegible] [illegible] in a [illegible]. [illegible] will get you a good [illegible] said. Their Barber [illegible] on Mary Lynch they thought he would. Will visit her [until?] tomorrow on the [illegible] [illegible] hand the [illegible] got through to [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] one [illegible] he [illegible] our [Brother] [&] other Brazian. [illegible] himself suffered [from] the bad [illegible] enough [illegible] passed by [illegible] [illegible]. Henry came in [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] on Friday to [illegible] [illegible] just [illegible] [illegible] from [illegible] on Friday where he [illegible] had at dinner & [illegible] from Henry was [illegible]. Sirona left on Thursday, [illegible] [illegible] Patience Davis to [illegible] her [illegible] [illegible] left [illegible] [illegible] Mr. Stocker, until he made known [illegible] [illegible] line [illegible] [illegible] do [illegible] make to get away as [illegible] [illegible] Barbara [illegible] came down [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] the Stockers. By [illegible] [illegible] Fannie [illegible] [illegible] half hour & some [illegible]. [Mr] [Brock?] went to Pat Sumter's [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] you sent the [measure?] to Nell for the boy [clothes?]

*[Most of this page is obscured by cross-writing; full transcription is not feasible. Letter likely continues on adjacent pages.]*
