---
title: "Letter from Nancy McEwan Green to Ann Walker, February 26, 1986"
pageNumber: 423
image: 423.jpg
date_range: "1986"
people:
  - Nancy McEwan Green
  - Ann Seymour Knight (Mrs. James Pickens Walker Jr.)
  - Ned Green
  - Walker Green
  - Hunter Green
  - Jim Green
  - Eden Green
  - Dale Murphy
  - Marcia Green
  - Rick Green
  - Richard Conner Girdley III
  - Betty Walker
  - O. B. McEwan
  - Chris Green
  - Cindy Green
  - Christopher Green
  - Pinka Green
  - Robert Green
  - Morton Green
places:
  - Atlanta, Georgia
  - Princeton, New Jersey
  - Cambridge, Massachusetts
  - Florida
content_types:
  - letter
transcribed: true
notes: "A typed single-spaced letter on plain bond, dated Feb. 26, 1986, signed in blue ink 'Love, Nancy' with a closing 'over' arrow at the lower right. From Nancy McEwan Green (daughter of Mary Ann Walker McEwan, granddaughter of compiler Amy FitzSimons Walker) to her aunt Ann Seymour Knight (Mrs. James Pickens Walker Jr.) of Jacksonville. The letter continues on page 424."
---

A typed single-spaced letter, signed in blue ballpoint.

> Feb. 26, 1986
>
> Dear Ann,
>
> I know you probably think that I have forgotten you, but that is the furthest thing from the truth. Am enclosing the beginnings of a letter I started writing to you last Sept. and will try to update that information.
>
> Ned has been accepted by Ga. Tech and is still waiting to hear from MIT, Princeton, and FLA. He seems to prefer GA Tech ( with Dale Murphy close by), but has not made a final decision. FL is in the running because of finances. I feel certain that he will do well wherever he goes.
>
> I received that check yesterday and do thank you. As always, it will come in handy. Thank you so much for remembering us at Christmas. I am just the world's worst, but please know you are always on my mind.
>
> The enclosed newspaper clipping is just to show you that "Nellie made the paper". Marcia borrowed the painting for the picture. By the way, Marcis and Rick have a new baby. the 9 1/2 lb boy, Richard Conner Girdley III was born on Dec. 10. They are all adjusting well.
>
> The NCNB merger I mentioned on the "blue sheets" is taking shape at this point. I still don't know what, if anything, I will be doing. I know that I have the ability to do whatever I am given the chance to do, so in that respect, I am optimistic.  Only time will tell.
>
> Betty and O. B. are doing fine. He is still working full time, but does mention retirement every now and then. Says he has spent 45 years listening to other people's problems and thinks it about time to worry about his own. I think he is better off working as I can't imagine him fishing seven days a week. He looks good and will probably continue to put in full days.
>
> It sure is nice to have Chris and Cindy only three hours away. We don't see an awful lot of them, but more than before, and it sure is comforting to know that you can hop in a car anytime and be there. They seem to be completely adjusted to Pine Island and happier than in years. Christopher loves the outdoor activities and school and looks fantastic.
>
> Pinka and Robert are doing well. Pinka broke her wrist about a month ago and that was hard on her, but she is recuperating.  Imagine Unc helping to get you dressed!
>
> Nothing has changed with the "Bob" situation, and I have no complaints. Time will tell and I can wait.
>
> I hope you and Morton are well.  Heard about your travels.
>
> I am going to close this and get it into the mail.  Guess one of my problems is getting so detailed that I never finish.  Hope we can get together soon.
>
> Love, Nancy
>
> over →
